Shrek Fiona look here comes Sleeping
Beauty
I hate these ball shows flip over the
wheel a torture you are cordially
invited dinner is served
everybody dig in don't mind if I do
Lillian to meet the family it's easy to
see where Fiona gets her good looks from
hey make new friends pray for mercy from
bullets if we need an expert on licking
ourselves we'll give you a call and
discover what happens second donkey on
another whirlwind adventure after
happily ever after now where were we
okay DreamWorks Pictures presents Mike
Myers
Eddie Murphy Cameron Diaz and Antonio
Banderas
- racket for you baby I could be Shrek -
stallion baby
[Applause]
you